docs: dev on-boarding (#135)
Talus-Network/nexus-sdk: sdk/README.md

# nexus-sdk

> [!NOTE]

> > This is an internal crate intended primarily for use within other Nexus packages. For general Nexus application development, please use the higher-level [Nexus Toolkit][nexus-toolkit-docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is an internal crate intended primarily for use within other Nexus packages. For Nexus Tool development, please use the higher-level [Nexus Toolkit][nexus-toolkit-docs].
```

## Usage

> Generally, you won't need to depend on this crate directly. Instead, use the [Nexus Toolkit][nexus-toolkit-docs], which provides user-friendly interfaces and preconfigured tools for Nexus development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, you won't need to depend on this crate directly. Instead, use the [Nexus Toolkit][nexus-toolkit-docs], which provides interfaces for Nexus Tool development.
```
